B SAS was in a down chair I don't know
when it started but I think it ended in
Q3 if you look at the SAS tp's numbers
see it through sequa see it all my H
five Dash fors where see customer it
felt like we came out of the recession
in Q3 of 2024 and I also just think it's
like the universe like flam sounds down
and then splashed it way up and then
slam it down again and it's flashing
back up I think we're in a different
place in Q for this year than we were C
for last year economically sat with
people overbought people had too many
employees yeah and the downgrades were
high the gross retention for people we
low and I think we're just getting back
into a better spot hello saster we are
here with one of our oldtime friends and
favorites Brian hallagan co-founder
chairman of HubSpot OG SAS executive
thought through all the things we've
thought through over the years been to
Sasser annual several
times now wearing Three Hats right Three
Hats chairman of hup spot suquia growth
and propeller VC fund wearing Three Hats
in in Mountain
2 are you on Mountain one or Mountain
two do you know I don't know but nice I
would just say nice to see it's funny to
be someone describing me as
OG that's funny I don't happing
G4 I'll take it
though I don't know where the where's
the line I I used to think it was like
Mark benof and Larry Allison right but
now that maybe that's ogog I I don't
know we started in 2006 it feels like it
feels like yesterday yeah it's crazy
Salesforce is now worth 340 billion um
Larry Allison I don't know he may be
worth 340 billion himself I don't know I
have to look it up this you do it right
and really laugh you've been doing this
since 2006 HubSpot but it in some ways
it's just getting good
huh yeah we had a very ambitious vision
and it's like a big giant painting and
it's stting to get good but it's fed
early there's so much more work to do
and this is a platform Shi to foot fit
we're very well positioning for yeah
these SAS
companies they laugh you at Adobe and
Salesforce both wor look recent call 350
billion Oracle you got to take your hat
off to him was like oh they're gonna die
they're going to
SL rose from the dead the last said
Chuck they were like 500
billion so yeah these SAS
companies they
last yeah it's it's it is funny when I
was briefly at Adobe when my my last
company was acquired and that now this
is dating myself but it was 2012 and it
was just before things came back and
there was malaise I don't I think only
shotu believed it right he turned out to
be an incredible executive but to be
honest on the management team I don't
think that many people believed it they
really thought that you couldn't go
forever the growth at plateaued even
that cloud wouldn't we could laugh that
they didn't believe in Cloud I did
because I was a cloud CEO but it's not L
it's hard to see it sometimes isn't it
did you always know that
HubSpot honestly I didn't think it get I
we did when we started UPS spot I'll
tell you a funny story about up spot I
remember the day of the IPO we're on the
floor yes and ringing the bell on the
whole thing really good everyone spired
up and my co-founder Dar Miss ran over
with his phone and picked the phone up
and he had the stock out and he look
House's worth a billion dollars and good
screenshot we never see that again
hey what I also just say we were
starting it back in 2006 for classmates
you what were the odds were cre a
company worth 30 something billion
dollars I would have put the odds very
low in a lot of stuff had to go right to
get there yeah and the industry really
came together I don't know what
Salesforce market cap was in 2006 but
nowhere close I know what it was what
was it because it was in my investor
deck when I raised my seed around two
billion yeah I wrote wrote my comps on
my comp slide my comps are eax which is
now a different company 800 million and
Salesforce 2 billion I said we could do
almost as good as Salesforce and we can
certainly do in e sign we could do
better than a fact service so I said
this was my VC pitch2 billion dollar
hard to imagine HubSpot could be worth
more right back then if your comp is two
billion right okay let me say I know
this is a podcast supposed to be
interviewing Nate but yeah you regret
selling your
company boy it's funny I regretted it
almost every day until about a year
ago
why there's probably two questions why
do you regret it and why did it finally
stop after like more than a decade I
regretted it quite reged it because it's
worth a lot more money over
time hat 50% of it but you know what the
bigger mistake I I made I didn't realize
the team wasn't remotely done our
Revenue team went on to be the seros of
brex Rippling
gong so many leaders the others like 10
of them and like that we had this
monster team and I missed I didn't what
I didn't know was how good I had it in
some areas I knew how bad I had it
because I didn't have enough folks to I
didn't have enough folks to em this is
why we started SAS I didn't have enough
lessons to learn from I thought we were
a c b tier B minus tier right but I
didn't realize we were not s tier but we
were a tier that was my met so that's
what I regretted and then there's
certainly a Financial aspect like it
would you know be nice to be a
billionaire today it wouldn't change my
total life but that there is so the only
thing that changed is and maybe this
will change again as the markets have
come back in force right the last couple
months but now I've seen the effects on
some folks that said no to m&a and I'm
seeing man sometimes I this might be the
worst advice I've given in 12 years was
always say no if you have something good
oh I see it might been wrong people said
no in 2021 when things were on fire yeah
I mean I have one and one I think if
you're not and and I literally this week
I have an investment I made where the
companies markets are back the com a
startup a great company they're at 25
million they have an offer for a billion
dollars on the table right now a billion
dollars now this is a very good wouldn't
be there this is not this is an elite
level company right
and I but I asked the CEO and the the
VCS that are bigger all go for it
billion that's nothing we'll build we'll
be bigger than HubSpot no one's
literally said that but that was and I
was like and here was my question to the
founders and you could tell me yours I'm
like here's the question you've
obviously built something great okay
you're growing triple digits at 25
million obviously in a year in theory
you'll be bigger and better do you want
to be a public company
Co it did he that's what that that got
them to take the meeting they didn't
want to do the meeting I'm like be
honest like you don't have to decide
this and you can tell me when you
decided it's interesting but I'm like
you don't have to know at 25 million if
you want to be a public company seal but
maybe at 50 or 60 you got to know you
got to know and I think it's I wish I'd
done that but I don't think it's for
everybody some people really want to
just live this this is why a lot of
folks want a delay going public they
don't want the scrutiny they don't want
to live that life right they don't want
to spend a third of their life meeting
with public company investors and then
another third of their life doing the
public and only a third of their company
doing the company stuff and then they're
supposed to grow 38% and they grow 37%
and they get crushed and they just don't
want to live most folks so that was if
you want to do it right do it right but
that's just the one thing to think about
that was my if you have an offramp and
the
offers hard to match right a billion
dollars today with delu let's say it
takes you another seven years to IPO
and you suffer and you're Capital
ficient but you have two more rounds and
then 6% delution a year that billion
today is like two and a half billion
seven years down the road probably isn't
it yeah I would say I on my life list I
wanted company public I don't know
why it's like it was the capitalist
Super Bowl
in I yeah I was focus on
that here's the other thing like a lot
of companies are going public now and
for a lot the market was Clos is pretty
open right now um and you can do you
don't have to because you can sell your
PO can sell their
shares without being public the best
ones yeah but I think what people
underestimated is the joy it brings
like probably the happiest day of my
life was the IPO and I remember the day
like dares and I drove up in
our or
and we had dropped around the corner
from the sock exchange and as we rounded
the corner the sock I forgot that this
happened but they wrapped the New York
sock Exchange in like orange and our
colors and our logo and I just remember
I stopped and I turned around because I
didn't want to dest to see me
crying and it just grabbed me and then
we got wited into the giant like
conference room down in the basement
ofic socker shange and the head of the
sock changes there she very formal and
nice and people are saying nice words
again like fighting back the tears or on
the platform or ringing the bell and
just to see the joy in the faces of our
teammates as we went through all that
and then the next day we had a terrific
party at the Museum of Science in Boston
and just the joy and so many tears from
so many people who work so hard I think
that's underrated
and yeah it's hard to buy that someplace
else I've only been through it once it
is a magical day
right the weird thing and I'm dating my
the weird thing when I went through it
once and it wasn't as a Founder it
wasn't an executive the weird thing was
the next day everyone was back to work
and it was a weird day then the party
was so fun I remember standing up on the
desks in the office and cheering and
explaining to people how it would work
and it is so special
right next day was weird everyone's
looking at each other at their desks
that's it like what the stock price went
down like a dollar like from 80 to 79
and people were J were
despondent you know they were so
distracted for a week because I think
the stock went from like 20 to 80 and
then down to 60 and then people in a day
felt like they were then they felt
impoverished even though they had
actually tripled overall yeah it was so
distracting so I'm the Boston guy and I
think what of the big advantag is one of
the biggest
disadvantages is that we were in Boston
we were s t Boston and most of the
company that got public in Boston or the
previous generation they what
publics and then their stock just stayed
flat for like ever and in Boston the
ipo's the Finish Line it's so Valley
it's the starting line and I must have
said that line a million times anytime
someone brought up the stock price or
the stock price on their phone or the
watch why you on the stock price it's
going to go up and down look at a one to
quarter
and yeah we tried to frame it that way
and try not to get too obsessed about
but it was a very Joy State I also just
think if people who haven't been see
over a public company there's no way
they would know this but it's not as bad
as people think you're switching a bunch
of V capitalists who are misin a lot of
ways in Porky in a lot of ways yeah for
a bunch of public investors or
misaligned in a bunch of ways and quirky
in a bunch of ways and so it's you're
treating this like a year where you have
both which is uncomfortable but the
public investors I find to be quite
rational if you tell them the truth and
you paint a vision of the future if you
bake your numbers and you obviously
you're conservative on your numbers yeah
I find them to be much more rational
than they deserve credit for there's two
types of investors they call them long
only the fidelities and the Wellington
the durables and material price they
tend to become
come in and out but they tend to hold
and then there's hedge buns who will
take a short of this shirt comeing it
out much more rapidly in most IPOs the
head funds are a very small slice um and
the long lones hold most of it anyway my
experience has been very
good on the public side and by the way
our sock has run up and run down a road
it's been wall and I've still been
pretty happy with the whole thing
yeah it's funny I remember I was at an I
was at an event with Michelle Zin from
cloudfare right after maybe a year after
they ipoed and she said that strangest
thing was they' realize they'd have to
spend more time with investors after the
IPO yep they C the days of of having to
spend time with investors were behind
them but it was the most ever yeah and
and people think you have to spend that
PR of time with them okay so we would do
our earliest calls I think we
and after ear's call you have one-on-one
call with all your big investors and all
the analysts and it does late to the N
early morning sometimes I didn't I never
did those like Garcia best reled person
did it and then once a quter i' do a
conference and i' speak at a conference
and have a bunch of means of conference
so all in maybe maximum two days quarter
thinking about public that's not much
that's it was it's not as bad as people
think and they're much more rational
than people think and they want you to
succeed it's a good Insight it's almost
reassuring to have just very rational
investors like they may your stock may
go up and down as as variables happen
where you stand all the time it's very
versus VCS so many different goals so
many different human level it's
complicated very I'll tell you another
thing I'm been thinking about none of
this is probably your B up card that's
had a had a home board meeting yesterday
it's they're two days long
we've been doing the same board format
for about 100
years and it just found a little road
and honestly and I get a little board in
the board meetings and I think a lot of
the board members did so us having like
conversations with some board members
and that some people start complained
about us you're right we need to REI it
and so we changed the format up on this
recent board meeting and we have the
best board meeting we've ever had and
the changes were very
simple uh typically the board meetings
are 90% main course 10% sign dish and
the main course is presentation from the
executives overseeing a certain part of
a business in the side course the
classic format right goals death the
whole in the every leader discussion of
the topic gure it often times around
that time you never even did the
C let's switch that and let's try to
make the C course the main course and
make course side course so we may very
simple S A Lot the people have done oh
we said just write a memo with any data
you have put it in the memo we'll read
it I promise you read it everything
about for we read it and there at the
end of the memo put three questions you
want a top it's about like the first
change the second change and so that
happened
90% of the discussion what side dish was
the discussing 10% of what C appears was
in the memo the other change we made was
we didn't want it to be readouts from
the we had three pillars we have the
product pillar we have the go to market
pillar and we have the H pillar call it
it yeah usually the DS are like let's
not do readout this isn't a q or what
are the tough topics that might cut
across or whatever we don't what those
Ros and that was interesting third CH PR
is it a typical word meeting 90% of the
words that come out of people's mouths
are coming out of the CEO and the v 15
te St and 10% for board members us we
really smart board members that work
hard to recruit and they're happy and
they have contacts it's not like they're
glist they're great I said I want 50% of
the words to be out of the board's mouth
and 50% of the words of me anyway we put
those J it was really good and normally
you run like way over and we skip lunch
we skipped the breaks and no one goes to
the bathro like we finished early and we
covered everything it was a terrific
board meeting yeah I I don't know why I
get on that but I'm still on a little
bit of a high of our new format let me
ask you two questions about that one
flipping around now as the executive
chairman y was it worth two days of
yaman's time two days of the CO's time I
get that there's a lot to do but she has
a big
job see I would have argued
historically a lot of abor Jam's can
clients right yeah and a lot of what
abort doesn't make sure you don't back
up over a
cliff um what Bo have more value words
do context and lot of experience can the
board help us navigate a little bit yes
and so historically it's been a lot of
readout and it's been a little bit of
okay so I'll give you a little inside
basball one of the M team members
criticize the board and said the board
me Brian doesn't isn't coo anymore so he
doesn't get a qbr it's basically Brian's
qbr and so is that let's move from
Brian's qbr actual board meeting and I
think it was mostly compliance and for
the board and this board meeting was
much more for the managing I'll tell you
one other change that we're working on
is we do annual 360 reviews of board
members and whatnot and they're really
good they're really effective and I
recommend everyone do that what one of
the board members said was I care what
my fellow board members think but what I
really care is what yam and the CMO and
all those people think of the feedback
they're getting in the help so let's
flip it around and have have it be much
more of a management view of how we're
doing an adding value versus how we pick
of each other that's another nice change
that we're putting in place now yeah
that's good the one thing just for
Founders and others I the and obviously
HubSpot is a public company in some ways
it's different but so many Founders like
this idea of doing a memo based board
meeting okay I'm tired of reading the
slides read the slides ahead of time
zoom me if you want to talk let's talk
about the real issues that are on my
plate and let's talk about the issues
that are on yours and especially if you
have a somewhat engaged board people
love it right this memo style board
meeting my only counsil to Founders when
I see it is listen I know it's what the
cosos want and the board likes
it what I see time and time again is
accountability from the management team
is lost in that format
and maybe it doesn't matter at HubSpot
scale because the accountability is
crystal clear but when the cro doesn't
have to get up there and sweat about why
there was a commit to hitting 10 million
this quarter and it was really 94 and
it's just a
pass I think the C Lo is their helper
the helper in the room that's that's he
might be right I would I know for a fact
G many old people very accountable is
doubt but she looks
and so I'm not worried about that at all
actually maybe maybe an early stage
company that that probably makes sense I
juster startup sometimes as
CEOs especially if you're likable like
you are you're likable it actually it's
confusing to bring down the hammer you
can't beat people up every week right
and how do you manage that and sometimes
I find it helpful for the board to be
the ham to be the tough room even if
they don't say anything just having to
walk in every 60 or 90 days and say GE I
didn't deliver my sqls I didn't I didn't
the we slip the release like and how
often can Brian or Yamin earlier stage
maybe how often can you yell at the team
even if you're not I think you can yell
once a year yeah you yell more than once
a year and it's tough right it's tough
yeah I would say I yelled very INF
frequently but I was grinding people all
the time
yeah the grinder and I think yam is a
grinder and I think people are
accountable to the CEO they're
accountable to themselves and they're
accountable to their peers Al if they're
adults and that got to experienc that
they're deeply troubled by those numbers
and they all have to sit through their
own management team meetings and present
all those numbers yeah lot of
accountability in that management team
meeting like I was the head of sales a
long time before c puup spot every
freaking Monday morning I had a staff
meeting for my full white by the way
which was a forecast
yeah toward St and you just dreaded that
Monday morning meeting I didn't
necessarily have to do that again for
the
board I hear you and we can move on I
think it's if they dread the Monday
morning meeting then I think you have
the CO's helper right is dreading the
Monday morning if the team doesn't dread
the Monday morning sometimes I find the
board meeting is the helper if they
dread the board if they're sweating If
your manager team is like getting hives
for a week before the board meeting I
actually think that's great because then
the co doesn't have to doesn't have to
do I have an external Force where
they're going to yeah you don't want
them work you want them working on their
slides for 20 minutes not a week but if
they're sweating it I don't know I just
don't I think I'm a good guy but I don't
mind being a bad guy the bad guy if it
helps the co do not have to be the bad
guy right sometimes you need you need
someone else to be the tough the tough
one it can't always be you
right it's good
point okay let's should we dive into
some of these metal learnings
I'll tailor them to our convo couldn't
be a bigger fan of stter or J L I'm here
for you I love
it okay let's do two things and you are
kind enough to pre-answer them but I
just like to do a Vibe check these days
because it I think the vibe has been so
volatile the last 24 months since asked
right a negative from folks thinking
we're in the greatest downturn since the
Tulip crash to exuberance and AI like
this just it's a whiplash time so you're
you've seen it all your chman of hub
spot you're at sequa you're seeing
entirely different category right in
clean tech so are we were we in a
downturn are we in a downturn what's the
vibe check as we talk today B SAS was in
a downturn there's a
SAS um and it start I don't know when it
started but I think it ended in Q3 if
you look at the South T's numbers see it
through sequa see go my H dash fors
where customer it felt like we came out
of the recession in Q3 of 2024 and I
also just think it's like the universe
like flam sounds down and then splashed
it way up and then slam it down again
it's flashing back up it's like the sine
wave that's working through and I think
the size of the side wave will get down
over time but I think we're in a
different place in Q4 this year than we
were Q4 last year economically SS with
people overbought people had too many
employees yeah and the downgrades were
high the grow retention for people we're
low I think we're just getting back into
a better spot that's what I think it
wasn't there just one of the frustrating
things there's so many like zurp its
interest rates I think people just
bought too much during a generational
pandemic they bought too much software
and so they dialed it back maybe too
much because that's what we do and we're
through that right we're through the
over buying cycle for the most part I
think it's that simple isn't it I think
it's that simple yeah and we're seeing
it so so if you're you're listening and
you get a shitty Q3 and Q4 is not
looking good it's not the market that's
the message I try to say you can't blame
the market anymore if you got a pass in
2022 or 2023 like you gotta be honest
yeah even q1 Q2 I think we're still
tighters Q3 it finally loosened up yeah
and look this is a this is this may be a
question where there's no good answer
but especially as you're looking at
stuff in Sequoia if someone isn't seeing
any rebound at all now
now and let's say growth is weak let's
say it was great in 2021 okay it was
100% and now it's 22% or what's your ad
is there any advice not if if it's
fallen from 100 to 80 it's one thing but
if you have fallen
far and look there's a lot of companies
north of 100 million in ARR where growth
is in the teens now or lower right any
meta advice that you see yourself or at
seya any ideas for that tough position
I'm worried about that whole Cor
companies it's 120 million Revenue grow
%. and raise the crazy Rand that raise
crazy price in 20121 I don't know what
happens to all
those I just don't know maybe they
combine with each other maybe they just
continue to live along for a long time I
also just think SAS in general there's
too many
companies if you look at those charts
that's got breaker and you probably make
them to where this the mar can't even
see the logos anymore like 100 Mar
automation companies and I think there's
a thousand yeah and yeah I think that
people are going to be in I don't know t
spot they can grind it out
but yeah if you're over 100 grow 18% I I
think you had be
creative you don't go you don't go
public maybe PE starts buying a lot
of that I hope so right I was with one
of these cosos when in our London event
uh great founder right and he's yeah
we've just decided that 20% is the new
acceptable growth at nine figures in
Revenue right and I I could I can't
challenge him you've done much better
than I have but you can't IPO in the
teens so I don't know what I think we're
all trying to work it's a quiet topic
but I bet it's and others it's disuss
what are we going to do with these
companies right they're these are real
com but they're never will pee by them I
hope so I hope that's the answer I just
don't know we'll know in a
year I do think the thing was Chang the
positive so did in the like Venture
growth Venture world where these
companies would live yeah in 20201 there
was real bubble in privates but there
was a bubble in publ yeah I think they
matched I think they yeah if I look at
like the beginning of this year first
half of this year
still a bubble in private at least in
the anything that rhyme with
AI and the publics were it was tight and
I think they matching it the the publs
have really ried recently just recently
right just so yeah this I don't know
balls were but they least there there's
some hole and I I think the IP window
will open and I think the PE window will
open
and I think the mmaa will window will
open it's going it's going to be easier
to sell companies going forward yeah it
may be an interesting time over the next
few years yeah it's I thought I really
thought the be the first half of 2024
was much crazier than 2021 because we
forget in
2021 if snowflakes trading at 80x or
100x ARR if you're investing in the next
snowflake like those unor unicorn
valuations weren't so crazy right the AI
ones are they're hoping it they're the
growth rates are incredible for some of
them yeah but there's no public comp
with 200 or 400x ar trading right there
there isn't one of them right so it was
a the highest spread ever right the IP
window was closed and then do you think
of a company that's that gets to a
valuation of five or 10
billion it's expensive for a PE firm to
buy it it's too small to go public and
then I don't know if a sale Force buy a
company where 10 bil it's definely going
to get a look from Regulators in the US
and Europe so there's a little bit of no
man's land around that 10 billion and I
I think the world's feeling I'm feeling
better about those ones than that as
long as they're growing nicely I think
they they're going to have good home
either through an acquisition which will
get easier or the ACT which needs to be
easier or PE I think p is going to start
ra T of money and going that that's my
hope all right let's talk uh related
okay let's talk because now you've
you're' seen this at HubSpot and it's
Point
others who about Ai and who wins I've
thought about this a lot two elements to
it but I don't think it's obvious who
wins or comments and startups it's
obvious there's a thousand startups
there's a thousand flowers but what's
your Nuance learning from HubSpot plus
SEO on who wins and in B2B who wins in
AI who benefits the mo or who benefits
the most is maybe a better way to put
the question right I think that's the
age of old it's the startups are
innovating and they're racing to get
distribution in the bigger companies
have distribution they're racing
innovate the twe this
time is the the data is very hard to
acquire first start so such as the
Innovation but me you a proprietary set
of data to do something cool with AI and
I think of ppot for
example we've got the zoom data we've
got the calling data we've got the email
data we got a lot of thear stuff and
then we have all the stru stuff too and
if your startup breaking in and you want
to do some amazing AI work It's Tricky
with all that and so I think it bu
Salesforce Subs spot the bigger
companies a little T other thing I think
a little bit different about this than
other platform shifts is it feels like
everyone has read and learned the
lessons of Klay chrisan s and the
innovator's Lima
and they comment seem to be moving very
quickly whether it's Microsoft or hot or
Salesforce you name it no one seems to
be sitting on their hands in this
one so I like as I play both this but
but in this particular case I think the
incum have a little bit more Advantage
than in most platform shows yeah I
advise Founders I think they get bigger
big company maybe hubspot's bigger or
not big depending on how you think about
it I think they misunderstand agility
when there is a core priority and it's
truly core
they move fast not quite as fast as a
startup but when they put 200 Engineers
on something 300 Engineers it's a force
of nature what you get wrong is when
they put 10 when they put 10 it's weird
because they launch a really cool
product there were even in my little
team at Adobe we had 10 extra Engineers
extra you never have extra engineers in
a startup so you could build anything
but you can't sell it and support it you
give up right but when HubSpot says and
daresh really early saying we're going
all in
be careful and Mark Benny off putting a
thousand new sales folks like just you
can still beat them don't get me wrong
everyone beats somebody before them but
it's a force of nature isn't
it it it it it is I see we were early a
our M early must said per thousand
Engineers so if we make a bet with 20%
of them yeah that's 600 Engineers with
this unique proprietary data source
we're just hard to compete with
here but it's
hard yeah so I think we don't know we
well I think I certainly personally
don't think incumbents lose that maybe
just be there's no reason HubSpot in the
in B2B I don't think there's any reason
HubSpot or even Salesforce even with
they I don't think there's any reason
they should lose there's no reason to
lose there may be many winners but I
don't see any losers there I agree I
think the tricky thing for hpot and sail
force and the rest of the bigger players
yeah Mal brid is sail Force but it's the
business model distruction like instead
of charging per seat or a subscription
model you're charging
per you either know per chat or you're
charging instead of hiring that sales sh
you hire that agent that's tricky but I
I even on that I thinkspot Salesforce
might out everyone's looking at those
pricing
model that's a part of thing almost for
bigger companies to deal with the
pricing and business model disruption
yeah it's a good point and I don't think
it's like you think the SE bowling you
think Salesforce like part of it was oh
yeah it's much easier to up much easier
using it but the credit card and the
subscription and like all I do it made
sales for work relative to
se yeah the pricing that can be hard on
the bigger companies just thinking about
it aloud I don't but if if we're
aligning and I think this pricing model
is in in flux because in some ways it's
tied to a time when the hard costs of AI
were high and they're plummeting so
quickly I we'll see if it sticks we'll
see if $2 per resolution per action
sticks but if everyone does it if
Salesforce it's right on agent Force's
website I looked at HubSpot I'm not sure
exactly where it is but right on agent
Mark's putting so much effort it's two
bucks okay Finn for intercom is one Buck
Zen desk is like a111 they almost line
up to where they are in terms of
Gravitas but if everyone does it the big
companies can thrive because it's
understood it's not
cannibalistic it's tough when you have
to charge another hundred bucks a month
we haven't chared started charging we're
talking about it maybe that's why I
missed it yeah and our philosophy has
always been like let's add a lot of
value for we try to spend too much time
figure out how to extract a bunch of
value and so we're still we're adding a
lot of value like people are using hump
spot Ai and it's some amazing stuff but
we'll probably do something later on
that but we have inserted Char by the
way I think that the conversation bird
ticket is interesting I think more
interesting is instead of hiring I just
had L of the Le Tes is the founder of
agency and he's building something that
helps the CFM do their job and may even
replaces some of that CFM function over
die and like how would you charge that
would you charge 10 bucks 10,000 bucks a
year that kind of thing K CSM cost 2
,000 bucks a year do you charge 10,000
bucks a year I don't think that that the
story's been completely written on the
pricing models for AI
andb I I agree not only that my advice
is don't overanalyze it close the
customer yeah too much talk about
pricing not enough talk about about
about great product it'll figure itself
out and even if Elias is trying to
figure out it doesn't he can change his
model in a year or two yeah
lot of I'm seeing at
seoa is growing fast but has very high
chir and I it's like the underlying
platforms are quite very crafted
building the AI applications isn't quite
there yet it is super super early to be
trying to extract too much value from
this stuff I do think a year from now
the undering platforms get so much
better the crafting of the application
is going to get so much better that
we're just on a very steep exciting
curve and one other question on that
from both sey and HubSpot related to
this is something I think a lot about
but I don't see discussed much but it's
really clear in the field is what is AI
parity and I did a thing the other day I
pulled together I compared Hub SWOT was
a little bit different but I compared
zenes claimes for AI to intercoms to
gorgeous which is just e-commerce we on
the on the board and a few others and
the check the this point everyone's
claiming the same thing the same type of
resolutions same percent outcome same
throughput now obviously not every
everyone performs the same we could talk
about tech technology parody but is
there can customers even tell do they
can I even tell if hubs spots is better
and do I even care if I trust HubSpot
are we gonna have parody in B2B in B2B
are we going to have parody in many
ways and a really good question I just
think that use case so let's say
customer or use case yes so far ahead
yeah and that's the one that's working
it's also working for hpot customers
okay you've got your knowledge based
inside of this investor hpot or Inc and
that's the story point so when we look
at our customers we're getting like 60
70% resolution with the agent it's
because they had a really good knowledge
base yeah yeah cuz you got to train it
and if you have an awesome knowledge
base
it's well trained you can answer it but
there's a lot to the craft like you got
to upload that knowledge base you've got
to you it it's got to get smart on that
then you've got to have it listening to
every support call that's going on be
able to turn it up and down on your best
sport reps over time and that'll get
better you have to connect it to your
snowflake instance and your amplitude
instance you have to connect it to all
your other system they need to connect
it to zoom and email you to be gathering
all this information and making it
better and me you have to be able to
build an amatur that's like engaging in
human like in such a way with the adjon
or his Avatar I think quite dough but re
Hoffman's Avatar is pretty darn good so
I think we're still even though that's
the you st is working is working for a
whole bunch of
Benders I think there's still a long way
to go to make that what it could
be and I don't think it's table sticks
you can build a support agent with just
that knowledge based and it's pretty
good it's actually pretty good but if
you Trad it on that knowledge based and
then you have an editor going it
watching the responses ago then editing
those responses post back they auditing
the responses then you train it on your
best support R and then you create an
avatar and trade out I still think it's
quite early and the implementation
really matters and the data
reals yeah I really we're we're still
all learning I'm not
a HubSpot support agent in 2025 with all
of the HubSpot data I'm not convinced
the best
Standalone AI agent can beat it I am
convinced they can build they already
can build better technology and I went
through this with a company where they
graded AI Agents from technology versus
implementation and okay we're not going
to catch the one with standing the
technology but when I'm implementing
with all of our data and the training
it's like it's it's better right that's
the meta question right can it right
I look at agency and what leas is
building for
csms it's really good if he can connect
to the snow plake instance and the
amplitude instance and you can connect
to the knowledge base and so that com
you need access to the
data you had to trade it and by the way
out of all these functions like support
CSM
whatever we're using his product inside
hub
spot and we're using it in the group
where it's like very what ecsm has a
th000 accounts so it's hard to get a
personal relationship of 1,000 counts
but like how much of that can you
automate in meate really
good over tire that's it bit a that's a
really good example really good useit
for this kind of stuff yeah the Lo the
qual subjectively the quality of
longtail interactions has just
deteriorated over
time so I just ordered I ordered for my
son for the holidays a gaming chair from
secret it's like the cool gaming chairs
um and I we put in the wrong address
right and we tried to manually change it
it got there over the weekend and every
day I get an email from
zenes the zenes implementation it's not
zenes fault but it's implementation
we're still trying to track down your
chair I'm just watching this to see how
it gets resolved and nominally they have
ai they actually build their own support
they have zenes and then they have their
own thing they built on open AI but this
Cobble together thing still doesn't know
the chair was delivered it still does
every day I just got an email today and
I don't mean to be mean I don't want to
get two chairs but I want to see what
happens because the data is there right
but their AI plus Zen desk can't connect
at all they don't know that the chair
was already delivered to the fixed they
went since sh about all this stuff like
I built my own um clone I locked to it
it was good yeah it's getting there and
some questions you ask it oh my God that
was that's an answer way better than the
real Brian ever would have given you and
another question she like how did you
whiff so far on that Quest it's just not
completely there it's amazing compared
to what six months ago I can't wait to
see was like much from now but it's all
just it's early super early